[Silvo] Because, at long last,
I've brought you
to the only thing that matters.
Cold, hard credits.
If you ever need help,
you can call me anytime.
Because the starship
is outside the Barrier,
the Supervisor is unable
to risk any contact.
We're gonna be in so much trouble.
But I don't even care anymore.
- [Jod] But you should.
- [lightsaber ignites]
[shouting] Get on the ground!
You're all weak.
Sheltered, spoiled children.
So, we're gonna land,
I'm gonna contact the frigate.
And you lot are not gonna say a word.
Now, I need open communication
with my other ship.
You must speak with the Supervisor
about the Barrier, Emissary.
[Jod] I enjoyed
seeing your parents' faces.
Makes it very easy for me
to know who to carve up.
[♪ gentle music playing]
[music ends]
[lightsaber ignites]
[breath trembles]
[Maree] Emissary, how can we thank you?
[Jod] Reuniting families
is all part of what I do.
Jod Na Nawood, at your service.
[♪ tense music playing]
[Fara] Are they in any trouble?
I'm afraid they are.
Stealing a ship.
Breaking just about
every security protocol.
At Attin and its safety
should be your top, top priority.
I take full responsibility.
Thank you again.
We don't want to interfere
with your Offloading duties...
Confine them to their quarters.
And I want these droids
to keep an eye on them
and report back to me on their behavior.
Yes, Emissary.
Is that totally necessary?
Yeah, I'm afraid it is. I insist.
These are serious violations.
[chuckling] I got to see firsthand
just how troublesome
they could be
on our little adventure home.
- Didn't I, Wim?
- [Fern] Yeah,
we were way too troublesome.
[softly] Come on, let's go.
- [Wendle] Come on.
- All right.
Uh, perhaps young Fern here
would like to accompany me
to meet the Supervisor.
And learn something
about duty, responsibility.
[Fara] Of course. I should accompany her.
[Jod] Certainly.
I'll take special care of both of you.
[Wendle] Mm.
Mm. Nothing like a home-cooked meal.
Bet you missed these
while you were out there, huh?
[Wim sighs]
Of course, I'm gonna have to talk
to the Proctor so you can take Assessment.
[scoffs] That doesn't matter anymore.
Doesn't matter? Are you--
[sighs] You didn't learn your lesson
from your little space joyride?
You are in big trouble, mister!
- No. Dad, that's not what I meant--
- If you don't get assessed,
- how are you gonna have a career?
- Dad.
How will you be part
of the Great Work?
There's a lot more to the galaxy
than the Great Work!
You think I didn't wanna just...
[stuttering] take off
- and meet a Jedi? And--
- He's not even a--
[breathing heavily]
I'm sorry.
I saw places out there
that made me get how good home is.
It's just...
There are certain people
from out there
who want to ruin it.
Well, that's what the Supervisor's for.
Meeting the Supervisor, at your age,
it's an incredible honor.
[inhales sharply]
Just be sure to make a good impression.
- Don't slouch.
- Mom.
- [radio static]
- Neel, where are you?
Neel, I need help. Where are you?
[Neel on radio] I'm home.
But I'm being watched by the droids.
I-I can't talk or Jod will know!
I... I gotta go.
No, Neel. Neel? We need to save Fern.
Neel. Please help.
[Safety Droid] All communication
will be reported to the Emissary.
Who are you speaking to?
- [radio beeps]
- [Wim grunts]
[mimicking] Oh, come on.
We need to save Princess Fern.
Oh, okay, Wim. Okay.
[continues mimicking]
[Fara clears throat]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Fara] Hello?
Come this way. Come on.
Supervisor?
Hello?
[door closes]
Is it abandoned?
[Fara] No, it's just--
You see, the Supervisor so rarely
grants an audience.
[device powering up]
Is that Undersecretary Fara I see?
One of my most dedicated citizens.
I have been watching over you
and your daughter with great interest.
And I'm pleased to see
she has been safely returned.
You're ruled by a droid?
As decreed by the Great Work.
And I see a new face.
Please, introduce yourself.
Greetings, Supervisor.
- [breathing heavily]
- I am Jod Na Nawood.
Emissary for the Republic. And Jedi.
Greetings.
[softly] It's a trick.
[Supervisor] I must admit,
I began to doubt an Emissary
would ever visit our humble Mint again.
Indeed. Our apologies.
[blows raspberry]
We've had our hands full.
You understand.
Thwarting the many evil schemes
to destroy the Republic.
The Republic...
My, the outside galaxy
is so dangerously unstable.
Oh, yes. Now, as Emissary,
I need my other ship,
currently in orbit
beyond the Great Barrier.
Why doesn't your second ship
simply land as you did?
You ask too many questions
of your Emissary.
What you need to do right now...
is obey.
[Supervisor] Well said.
Strict obedience to authority
has kept At Attin running smoothly
for generations.
Your other ship may land
if you can clear up one tiny detail.
You see, the last message
from the Republic
stated that all Jedi were traitors.
So, which are you lying about?
Being an Emissary or a Jedi?
He's a pirate trying to invade the Mint!
As I suspected.
- Seize the impostor!
- [alarms blaring]
[lightsaber ignites]
- [Jod grunting]
- [both whimper]
[Safety Droid] Drop the weapon
or you will be stunned.
- [Supervisor] What are you doing--
- [grunts]
[Supervisor gibbering]
[Jod grunting]
[Supervisor sputtering] Must- Protect-
- The- Mint.
- [Safety Droids powering down]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
What have you done?
Fern, bring your mummy up to speed.
[power whooshing]
How do I bring my other ship
through the Barrier?
Hmm?
- Barrier override...
- [button beeps]
[device beeps]
No. You can't.
[chuckling] You no longer
issue orders here.
No, this will destroy the Barrier.
It's essential to our survival.
[stutters] I can give your ship
access instead.
- Mom!
- Fern, I'll handle this.
I don't want to destroy anything.
I just want to land my ship.
We'll take our fill of credits,
and we'll go.
You'll never see us again.
No one will get hurt.
He's lying. He's gonna stay
and he's gonna try to--
- [lightsaber ignites]
- [shudders]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[breath trembling]
Now, how do I get my ship?
[Fara whimpers]
Mom, don't tell him.
I'll show you. [exhales]
- Good.
- [lightsaber extinguishes]
[♪ tense music playing]
Ah, Gunter. I've seized control
of At Attin's systems
and cleared the frigate
to pass through the Barrier.
Get down here and begin the invasion!
[pirates cheering]
[lightning cracking]
Dad!
Don't worry. It's just a power outage.
Looks like the whole block's out.
Dad!
- Look!
- [Safety Droid clatters]
- What the heck are you doing?
- The droids were spying on us,
but now I can finally tell you.
Jod's a bad guy. He's lying.
He didn't save us. He's trying to get us!
[rumbling]
[rumbling increases]
[barking]
Mom?
Dad?
- [kids screaming]
- Pow-pow.
[citizens screaming]
The power's out, Dad. It's not gonna work!
Okay, then we'll go on foot.
Somewhere safe.
We can't just run away! He's got Fern!
- Leave that to the Safety Droids--
- The Safety Droids that are all off? No!
No one knows what's going on but us!
We have to save her, Dad.
[Neel] Wim!
- [bike bell ringing]
- Yes! Hoverbikes still work!
[Wendle] No! No hoverbikes!
You kids go home.
- It isn't safe.
- Do you think Fern's okay?
I don't know, but Jod must have done
something to the Supervisor.
- So we have to call for help.
- But how?
Remember on the hotel planet?
The X-wings chased the pirates away.
And Kh'ymm, the bird lady
from the telescope moon, knows 'em.
So we get to the ship,
fly out past the Barrier,
and call her for help.
So, we blast off, call the real good guys,
and beat the pirates!
- But we gotta hurry!
- Okay. Let's do this!
[Wendle] Can run this thing on internals?
[hoverbike revving]
No, Wim.
Wim, no! Wim!
[Wim] Just trust me!
Hey!
Hey, Wim, come back here!
Come back here!
- [panting]
- [hoverbike idling]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
We are stopping this right now!
Dad!
[Neel] Oh, no! Here they come.
[pirates laughing]
Mom.
You reading this?
Stay hidden.
The pirates are landing! But don't worry.
- We're getting help.
- [shushes]
[pirates laughing, speaking indistinctly]
Round 'em up!
They work for us! Making credits! [laughs]
[citizens clamoring]
- [door thuds]
- [both exclaim]
[Vane] Halt!
Get after 'em!
We need cover.
[groans]
Uh... Aren't we heading
right for that giant cliff thing?
Gotta go full throttle.
Wait, I'm heavier than you!
Just trust KB!
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[KB grunts]
[Wendle yells]
[grunts] We made it.
[whooping]
- Whoo-hoo! Did you see--
- Dad, come on!
[Vane laughs]
[KB] This way!
[Neel] Are you crazy?
[screaming]
Neel!
[Wim gasps]
I'm okay, I'm okay. Just keep going!
There's so many pirates.
I think the ship's gonna need cover.
Okay. Just be careful.
- [Wendle grunts]
- [starship powering up]
Dad, isn't this ship the best?
You kids know how to fly this thing?
[rumbling]
That's not good.
Try it again.
[starship powers up]
The legs are stuck! We can't take off!
It's docking clamps.
We have to restore power to open them.
- We gotta restore power!
- [KB over radio] How do we do that?
[sighs] All the power relays
are routed through...
the Supervisor's Tower.
Can you turn them on?
Son, you are talking to a level seven
Systems Coordinator.
Get the bike.
[♪ triumphant music playing]
[KB] I'll take off
as soon as you power the clamps.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Neel, how's that cover coming?
[panting] Hold on. Hold on.
I'm almost there!
Yes. Just like on Hayna's planet.
I found a turbolaser!
These cowards are giving us
no trouble, Captain.
Few of them who were armed,
we made examples of.
Hey, hey! Don't injure too many of them.
I need them as workers.
I need the Mint intact.
The Barrier was supposed
to protect you from this.
It was supposed to keep you safe
from the galaxy.
- And now it--
- And now we have to do something.
[♪ somber music playing]
[softly] Yeah, the galaxy
is scary and dangerous.
[inhales sharply] Everywhere we went,
even the worst places,
there were good people, too.
People that can help us.
You have to trust me.
[whispers] Okay, so what's the plan?
[breathing heavily]
See those droids over there?
If we can get one of their blasters,
we can stun Jod and then--
Fern, he'll shoot you.
That's why you need
to create a distraction.
What?
- [screams]
- [Jod] You two.
Stop scheming and listen.
- [PA chimes]
- Citizens of At Attin,
I have taken control.
If you follow my orders,
my men will show you mercy.
If you defy me, punishment will be severe.
You all now...
[chuckles] work for me.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[laughs]
- [Wendle] Lean hard. Now!
- [grunts]
Dad!
[Wendle grunts]
Hold on.
Hey, I'm up here!
Hold your fire, you idiot!
Sorry, Captain. It was a speeder bike
heading for your position.
But don't worry. We got him.
[both gasp]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Wim] I called the X-wings.
It's over.
[exhales]
Oh, really?
Um, I thought the Barrier
jammed all communication.
Not if you have
the Crystal of the Founders,
that we discovered guarded
by an ancient warrior
- way up in the northern mountains.
- [Jod] Ooh.
That's quite a tale.
I'm just giving you
a chance to surrender now,
'cause the whole entire Jedi Army
is on their way.
Wim, the Jedi are all dead.
Wait, but-- that's just what
they want you to think!
Wim found the Crystal a long time ago,
and he's been working with the Jedi
to lure you here and trap you!
Fern?
If you let Fern and her mom go,
I'll call them off.
[Jod] Wim.
[softly] You need to work on that story.
- [button beeps]
- [systems powering up]
[Wendle grunts]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
- [gasps]
- KB, we got it.
[grunting]
I can't believe that worked.
[♪ triumphant music playing]
You brought your dad? [chuckles]
- [straining]
- [blaster fires]
- [gasps]
- Do not do that again.
Everyone where I can see you. Come on.
Now, now, now!
[♪ dramatic music playing]
KB,
- how are you flying that thing?
- Oh.
I have a little help.
- Hold me head steady, girl!
- [rat squeaking]
Lock main cannon on that ship.
[pirates exclaiming]
Go, KB! Go! I got you covered!
Oh, no.
[grunting]
[pirate over radio]
Captain, we've got a problem out here.
- [radio beeps]
- What? What is it?
[pirate] That old ship,
it took off. It got away.
Children. You think you can send your ship
out for help?
You don't know what you've done.
Kh'ymm! Kh'ymm, do you read me?
Pirates are attacking our planet.
You said to call you if we needed help.
Child!
You found your way back to At Attin?
Yes. I'm sending you the coordinates.
Can you send your friends,
in the X-wing fighters?
X-wings? I'll contact the New Republic.
They are the greatest pirate busters
in the galaxy.
I got a hyperspace route straight to you!
They'll be there in two flaps!
Good. But listen, they're gonna
have to find some way
to get through the Barrier
that's hiding our-- Ah!
- [explosion]
- [KB grunts]
[alarms blaring]
[SM-33] Ah! We've been hit.
- I'm gonna take evasive maneuvers.
- [KB groans]
[KB] Wim, can you hear me?
I got the message through. But I'm hit.
I'm going down.
Look at what you've done.
Go look.
[Garree] KB, are you all right?
Yeah, Mom.
Fixing it, fixing it.
You can fix anything, sweetie.
[ship whirring]
She'll never make it.
KB, you've got this.
No! [sobbing]
[breath trembling]
[♪ somber music playing]
- It didn't need to be like this.
- [bangs table]
It doesn't matter who you call.
They can't get through the Barrier.
[crying]
That can destroy the Barrier.
[♪ tense music playing]
[breathing heavily]
- [Fara] Fern, we can't.
- [Fern grunting]
Fern!
- Fern--
- [both scream]
- [gasps]
- Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
- [grunts]
- [Wendle groans]
- [groaning]
- [whimpers] I'm so sorry.
- [lightsaber ignites]
- [gasps]
[Jod] Wim, don't you touch that.
[breathing heavily]
You hear me?
[lightsaber pulsating]
I'll kill him.
[Wendle] Wim...
Tell your son to step away.
You're no Jedi. [sniffles]
You lied.
And now, the real good guys are coming.
"The good guys."
No one's coming to save you, boy.
[shouting] Grow up!
That's not--
[sighs]
When I was your age,
all I cared about was not starving.
I was living in a hole in the ground,
and a Jedi found me.
She may have been desperate,
and ragged like me,
but she told me I had potential,
and that was...
Well,
she only taught me a little
before they hunted her down.
And they made me watch
whilst they killed her.
That's the galaxy.
It's dark, with a few pinpricks of light.
And for those...
[shudders]
- I'll kill who I need to kill.
- [shudders]
Now, let go.
Just do what he says.
I'm sorry, Wim. I'm sorry.
- [Wim] It's okay. It's okay.
- I'm sorry, sorry.
I don't wanna hurt anyone.
I don't wanna damage
this wonderful planet.
- I want you can all to go back to work...
- [softly] It's okay.
making credits.
What is it you call it? The Great Work?
Beautiful.
You can all carry on exactly
as you were before.
Crafting the one thing
that means something in this galaxy.
Cold, hard credits.
- [both grunt]
- [gasps]
- [lightsaber clatters]
- [both grunting]
Wim, get the lightsaber!
No!
[both exclaim]
[straining]
[Fern grunts]
[both straining]
[Wendle straining]
[both yelp]
Mom, please.
[Wendle and Jod straining]
[softly] Please.
[groaning]
[rumbling]
[breathing heavily]
[blaster clatters]
[Barrier pulsating]
[sighs, exclaiming] Wow.
[whooshing]
[♪ heroic music playing]
Lock S-foils in attack position.
We're going in.
Setting shields double forward.
- Here we go.
- [controls beeping]
[citizens cheering]
Yes!
[pirate] Retreat! Retreat!
Get back to the ships!
[pirates speaking indistinctly]
[all cheering]
[softly] KB. [gasps]
[♪ somber music playing]
Jod!
- [pirate] Brace for impact!
- [pirates screaming]
[Gunter] Man your posts!
- [credits clattering]
- [Fern] KB!
[Neel] Wim.
- Neel!
- [panting]
- [electrical wires buzzing]
- [metal groaning]
KB!
- KB!
- [Neel] KB!
[both panting]
[Fern] Oh, KB!
- KB.
- [Wim] KB.
KB, KB.
[KB groans softly]
Did we win?
- Yes!
[all exclaim]
[metallic clanging]
[SM-33] Yep,
one of my better landings, that is.
[Neel] You did it, 33!
Get out from under that thing.
Come on. Come on. You don't wanna
have a whole adventure
just to get crushed at the end.
- Come on. Let's go.
- [rat squeaking]
- Hey, hey, little guy. [sighs]
- [Wendle] Come on!
Hey, Wim! Looks like you don't have
to take Assessment anymore!
[Wendle] Come on. Let's go.
Wim?
Wim, come on.
Wim.
Wim!
[♪ triumphant music playing]
[♪ theme music playing]